README.md, before:


# 18F Delivery: Partnership Playbook
This guide will help you, as an agency, understand what it’s like to work with 18F. The playbook is broken down into eight principles. You'll learn what to expect and get a sense of the challenges you may face when working with a modern digital service team, which will likely be a significantly different experience than working with a contractor. 

This playbook is a complement to the [U.S. Digital Services Playbook](https://playbook.cio.gov), which some 18F staffers assisted in authoring.

This playbook is a set of markdown files and is published to the web using [18F Pages](https://github.com/18F/pages/).

### Public domain

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE.md). As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> This project is in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
>
> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.

Commit message:

Adding an issue template link to the README

README.md, after:


# 18F Delivery: Partnership Playbook
This guide will help you, as an agency, understand what it’s like to work with 18F. The playbook is broken down into eight principles. You'll learn what to expect and get a sense of the challenges you may face when working with a modern digital service team, which will likely be a significantly different experience than working with a contractor. 

This playbook is a complement to the [U.S. Digital Services Playbook](https://playbook.cio.gov), which some 18F staffers assisted in authoring.

This playbook is a set of markdown files and is published to the web using [18F Pages](https://github.com/18F/pages/).

# To file an issue / correction
Click [this link](https://github.com/18F/partnership-playbook/issues/new?title=Playbook%20Issue%20(edit%20this%20title!)&body=_Filed%20from%20the%2018F%20README_%0A%0A%20The%20problem%20and%20impacted%20users%3A%0A%0A%20Idea%20to%20address%20the%20problem%3A)!

### Public domain

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE.md). As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> This project is in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
>
> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.
